Name: relax
Comment: This file contains hints about where to break build dependency cycles.
  All such cycles must be broken, or the autobuilder will exit with a message
  explaining the cycle and suggesting ways to break it.  A line like
  .
	Relax-Depends: BINARYPACKAGE SOURCEPACKAGE
  .
  means that even if the source package has a build dependency on the binary package,
  a new version of that binary package will not trigger a rebuild of the source package.
  If the source package name is omitted it means that binary package will never trigger
  a rebuild of any package.
Use: relax-self
Use: relax-core
Use: relax-ghc6
Use: relax-cabal-debian
Relax-Depends: haskell-devscripts

Name: relax-cabal-debian
Comment: Avoid rebuilding cabal-debian and the libraries used to build it.
Relax-Depends: cabal-debian haskell-debian
Relax-Depends: cabal-debian haskell-extra
Relax-Depends: cabal-debian haskell-cabal
Relax-Depends: cabal-debian haskell-ghc-paths
Relax-Depends: libghc6-debian-dev haskell-cabal-debian
Relax-Depends: libghc6-debian-prof haskell-cabal-debian
Relax-Depends: libghc6-debian-doc haskell-cabal-debian

Name: relax-ghc6
Comment: These lines are used for a normal rebuild of the ghc complex.  They won't work
  for building a new and incompatible version of haddock.
Relax-Depends: libghc6-ghc-paths-prof haskell-haddock
Relax-Depends: haddock haskell-haddock
Relax-Depends: ghc6 haskell-haddock
Relax-Depends: ghc6-prof haskell-haddock
Relax-Depends: ghc6-doc haskell-haddock
Relax-Depends: haskell-devscripts-cdbs haskell-haddock
Relax-Depends: ghc6 hscolour
Relax-Depends: xsltproc ghc6

Name: relax-ghc6-bootstrap
Comment: achieve this build order:
	cabal -> ghc-paths -> haddock -> hscolour -> ghc6 -> ...
    We need all the documentation files to be produced by the same version
    of haddock, starting with the ones in ghc.  However, in order to build
    haddock and ghc we currently need to build the cabal and ghc-paths libraries,
    and we need the cabal-debian tool to build ghc-paths.  There are many cycles
    in the build dependencies of this package complex, and the following rules
    are used to achieve the bootstrapping order.  Once we have a working repository
    we can use relax-ghc682 instead of this.
Relax-Depends: haddock haskell-cabal
Relax-Depends: ghc6 haskell-cabal
Relax-Depends: ghc6-prof haskell-cabal
Relax-Depends: ghc6-doc haskell-cabal
Relax-Depends: ghc6 haskell-ghc-paths
Relax-Depends: ghc6-prof haskell-ghc-paths
Relax-Depends: ghc6-doc haskell-ghc-paths
Relax-Depends: ghc6 haskell-haddock
Relax-Depends: ghc6-prof haskell-haddock
Relax-Depends: ghc6-doc haskell-haddock

Name: relax-self
Comment: Self-dependencies must always be ignored.  If they aren't these targets will build
	 on every run, and there is no question of where the cycle should be broken, as the
	 cycle has only one arc.  FIXME: The autobuilder should make this happen automatically.
Relax-Depends: haddock haskell-haddock
Relax-Depends: happy happy
Relax-Depends: ghc6 ghc6

Name: relax-core
Comment: These rules prevent rebuilds due to core packages that are always dependencies of
	 everything, but rarely actually affect that build.  They can affect the build,
	 but nobody else recompiles the world when a new bash is released, so neither do we.
Relax-Depends: base-files
Relax-Depends: bash
Relax-Depends: bsdutils
Relax-Depends: devscripts
Relax-Depends: dpkg
Relax-Depends: dpkg-dev
Relax-Depends: gcc
Relax-Depends: g++
Relax-Depends: make
Relax-Depends: mount
Relax-Depends: base-passwd
Relax-Depends: mktemp
Relax-Depends: sed
Relax-Depends: util-linux
Relax-Depends: g++
Relax-Depends: make
Relax-Depends: sysvinit-utils
